TC-1904: TC-2.2-Update-the-DOCS-and-Images-of-Pool/Dataset (#1366)
truenas/documentation: content/TrueCommand/SystemManagement/SingleSystem/TrueCommandSharing.md

To view a pool's already existing shares, click *EXPLORE* in your system's window, then select the pool.

> Once the pool's datasets load, Click the dataset being shared, then click the *Shares* tab to view its existing shares.

Reviewer: Remove possessive case and a few other minor issues
```suggestion
Once the pool datasets load, click the dataset being shared, then click the **Shares** tab to view the existing shares.

```

![TrueCommandViewShares](/images/TrueCommand/2.2/TC_22_ViewShares.png "View a Share")

## Add NFS Shares

> To add an NFS share to a pool, open the pool using the *EXPLORE* menu in your system's window. Once the pool's datasets load, click on the dataset you want share. Click *CREATE SHARE* and select *Create NFS Share*.

Reviewer: Removed possessive cases and fixed style issues
```suggestion
To add an NFS share to a pool, open the pool using the **EXPLORE** menu in your system window. Once the pool datasets load, click on the dataset you want share. Click **CREATE SHARE** and select **Create NFS Share**.

```

![TrueCommandCreateNFS](/images/TrueCommand/2.2/TC22addnfsshare.png "Create NFS Share")

## Add SMB Shares

> To add an SMB share to a pool, open the pool using the *EXPLORE* menu in your system's window then select the pool. Once the pool loads, select the dataset you want to share and then click *CREATE SHARE* and select *Create SMB Share*.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To add an SMB share to a pool, open the pool using the **EXPLORE** menu in your system window then select the pool. Once the pool loads, select the dataset you want to share and then click* *CREATE SHARE** and select **Create SMB Share**.

```

To view a pool's already existing shares, click *EXPLORE* in your system's window, then select the pool.

> Once the pool datasets load, click the dataset being shared, then click the **Shares** tab to view the existing shares.

Reviewer: Change once to after.
```suggestion
After the pool datasets load, click the dataset being shared, then click the **Shares** tab to view the existing shares.

```
